He was standing by her window, as the breezes kissed her cheek.
He had waited long in silence, Waited long for her to speak.
Then at last she gave an answer As she raised her tear-filled eyes.
With such a look of anger That it filled him with surprise.
They tell me that you love another And that you never did love me.
If these words be true, my darling, I'll forever set you free.
They are true my dear, he answered, to as shining stars above,
When they told of my engagement, There they told you of my love.
Goodbye, darling, I must leave you On the streets just pass me by.
Don't forget that I still love you For to save my life I die.
God in heaven sent an angel to relieve her dreadful pain
Then she drifted on to heaven On an angel's snow-white wing.
She was standing by her casket As he gazed into her face
Then he realized that he loved her. No one else could take her place.